OSDOCS-2022: Added support for wildcard domains in Image CR (#35288)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/images-configuration-parameters.adoc

Every element of this list contains a location of the registry specified by the registry domain name.

> `domainName`: Specifies a domain name for the registry. To allow all subdomains, add the asterisk (`\*``) wildcard character as a prefix to the domain name (for example, `*.example.com`). If the registry uses a non-standard `80` or `443` port, the port should be included in the domain name as well.

Reviewer: @ctauchen, we're avoiding parenthetical statements in OCP docs. Maybe?

```suggestion
`domainName`: Specifies a domain name for the registry. To allow all subdomains, add the asterisk (`\*``) wildcard character as a prefix to the domain name such as `*.example.com`. If the registry uses a non-standard `80` or `443` port, the port must be included in the domain name as well.
```

Author: Thanks, @jboxman. I've changed them all.

|Contains configuration that determines how the container runtime should treat individual registries when accessing images for builds and
pods. For instance, whether or not to allow insecure access. It does not contain configuration for the internal cluster registry.

> `insecureRegistries`: Registries which do not have a valid TLS certificate or only support HTTP connections. To specify all subdomains, add the asterisk (`\*``) wildcard character as a prefix to the domain name. For example, `*.example.com`. You can specify an individual repository within a registry. For example: `reg1.io/myrepo/myapp:latest`.

Reviewer 2: Did you intend to have the extra ` character?

` asterisk (*`) wildcard character `

Author: Most definitely not! Fixed. Thanks!
